activelearner/README.md, before:

# Active Learning Prototype Tool

Built with LearnLib and Spring, uses Gradle as a build tool.

To build: `./gradlew build`.

## Configuration

[Spring profiles][spring-profiles] are used for configurations. For example, by enabling the `target-simplestatemachine`
profile, the `config/application-target-simplestatemachine.properties` files is used to configure the target.
Additionally, we can activate the `afl` and `wmethodeq` profiles to use our libafl membership testing method and the
W-method for equivalence testing.

## Native library (libafl)

We use the Java Native Interface (JNI) to call native code (libafl) from Java. The required JNI header file can be
generated using `./javah.sh` after which the libafl library (in the afl directory) can be compiled using CMake. The 
directory containing the built library (`libafl.so`) should be configured at runtime using the `-Djava.library.path=...`
argument to the JRE.


[spring-profiles]: https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/boot-features-profiles.html

Commit message:

Optimise AFLMealyOracle for prefixed queries
Avoids running target twice with prefixed queries, which could provide a
performance improvement of up to 50%.

activelearner/README.md, after:

# Active Learning Prototype Tool

Built with LearnLib and Spring, uses Gradle as a build tool.

## Build

We use our own [fork of LearnLib][learnlib-fork] which should be checked out and installed locally using `mvn install`.

Then, to build this project, simply run `./gradlew build`.

## Configuration

[Spring profiles][spring-profiles] are used for configurations. For example, by enabling the `target-simplestatemachine`
profile, the `config/application-target-simplestatemachine.properties` files is used to configure the target.
Additionally, we can activate the `afl` and `wmethodeq` profiles to use our libafl membership testing method and the
W-method for equivalence testing.

## Native library (libafl)

We use the Java Native Interface (JNI) to call native code (libafl) from Java. The required JNI header file can be
generated using `./javah.sh` after which the libafl library (in the afl directory) can be compiled using CMake. The 
directory containing the built library (`libafl.so`) should be configured at runtime using the `-Djava.library.path=...`
argument to the JRE.


[spring-profiles]: https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/boot-features-profiles.html
[learnlib-fork]: https://github.com/praseodym/learnlib
